Belle
1991
Show tune
Disney, Beauty and the Beast Company, Paige O'Hara, Richard White
F
1
Little town It's a quiet village Every day Like the one before Little town Full of little people Waking up to say Bonjour Bonjour Bonjour Bonjour Bonjour There goes the baker with his tray, like always The same old bread and rolls to sell Every morning just the same Since the morning that we came To this poor provincial town Good Morning, Belle 'Morning, Monsieur Where are you off to The bookshop. I just finished the most wonderful story about a beanstalk and an ogre and a That's nice. Marie, the baguettes hurry up Look there she goes that girl is strange, no question Dazed and distracted, can't you tell Never part of any crowd 'Cause her head's up on some cloud No denying she's a funny girl that Belle Bonjour Good day How is your family Bonjour Good day How is your wife I need six eggs That's too expensive There must be more than this provincial life Ah, Belle Good Morning. I've come to return the book I borrowed Finished already Oh, I couldn't put it down. Have you got anything new Ha Ha! Not since yesterday That's all right. I'll borrow, this one That one? But you've read it twice Well, it's my favorite! Far off places, daring sword fights magic spells, a prince in disguise If you like it all that much, it's yours But sir I insist Well, thank you. Thank you very much Look there she goes that girl is so peculiar I wonder if she's feeling well With a dreamy far-off look And her nose stuck in a book What a puzzle to the rest of us is Belle Oh, isn't this amazing? It's my favorite part because you'll see Here's where she meets Prince Charming But she won't discover that it's him 'til chapter three Now it's no wonder that her name means "beauty" Her looks have got no parallel But behind that fair facade I'm afraid she's rather odd Very diff'rent from the rest of us She's nothing like the rest of us Yes, diff'rent from the rest of us is Belle Wow! You didn't miss a shot, Gaston, You're the greatest hunter in the whole world! I know. No beast alive stands a chance against you. Ha ha ha and no girl, for that matter. It's true, LeFou. And I've got my sights set on that one Hmm the inventor's daughter She's the one - the lucky girl I'm going to marry But she's The most beautiful girl in town. I know, but That makes her the best. And don't I deserve the best Well, of course! I mean you do, but Right from the moment when I met her, saw her I said she's gorgeous and I fell Here in town there's only she Who is beautiful as me So I'm making plans to woo and marry Belle Look there he goes Isn't he dreamy Monsieur Gaston Oh he's so cute Be still my heart I'm hardly breathing He's such a tall, dark, strong and handsome brute Bonjour Pardon Good day Mais oui You call this bacon What lovely grapes Some cheese Ten yards One pound 'Scuse me I'll get the knife Please let me through This bread Those fish It's stale They smell Madame's mistaken There must be more than this provincial life Just watch, I'm going to make Belle my wife Look there she goes a girl who's strange but special A most peculiar mademoiselle It's a pity and a sin She doesn't quite fit in 'Cause she really is a funny girl A beauty but a funny girl She really is a funny girl That Belle