The Mob Song
2014
Soundtrack, pop, world
Disney, Beauty and the Beast Company, Richard White
M
1
The Beast will make off with your children He'll come after them in the night No We're not safe 'til his head is mounted on my wall I say we kill the Beast We're not safe until he's dead He'll come stalking us at night Set to sacrifice our children to his monstrous appetite He'll wreak havoc on our village if we let him wander free So it's time to take some action boys It's time to follow me Through the mist, through the woods Through the darkness and the shadows It's a nightmare but it one exciting ride Say a prayer, then we're there At the drawbridge of a castle And there's something truly terrible inside It's a beast, he's got fangs, razor sharp ones Massive paws, killer claws for the feast Hear him roar, see him foam But we're not coming home 'Til he's dead, good and dead Kill the beast No, I won't let you do this If you're not with us, you're against us Bring the old man Get your hands off me We can't have them running off to warn the creature Let us out We'll rid the village of this Beast, who's with me? I am! I am! I am! Light your torch, mount you horse Screw your courage to the sticking place We're counting on Gaston to lead the way Through a mist, to a wood where within a hunted castle Something's lurking that you don't see every day It's a beast, one as tall as a mountain We won't rest 'til he's good and deceased Sally forth, tally-ho! Grab your sword and your bow Praise the Lord and here we go We'll lay siege to the castle, and bring back his head I have to warn the Beast, this is all my fault Oh papa, what are we going to do? Now, now We'll think of something We don't like what we don't understand In fact it scares us And this monster is mysterious at least Bring your guns, bring your knives Save children and and your wives We'll save our village and our lives We'll kill the Beast I knew it, I knew it was foolish to get our hopes up Maybe it would have been better if she'd never come at all Could it be? Is it she? Scarableu! Invaders Encroachers And they have the mirror Warn the master, if it's a fight they want We'll be ready for them Who's with me? Ah-ha Take whatever booty you can find, but remember The Beast is mine Hearts ablaze, banners high, we go marching into battle Unafraid although the danger just increased Raise the flag, sing the song Here we come, we're fifty strong And fifty Frenchman can't be wrong Let's kill the Beast Pardon me, Master Leave me in peace But sir, the castle is under attack Kill the Beast Kill the Beast This isn't working Oh Lumiere, we must do something Wait, I know Kill the Beast Kill the Beast What shall we do, Master It doesn't matter now Just let them come Kill the Beast Kill the Beast Kill the Beast