Topsy Turvy
1996
Pop, musical theatre, film score
Alan Menken, Paul Kandel
M
1
Come one, come all Leave your loops and milking stools Coop the hens and pen the mules Come one, come all Close the churches and the schools It's the day for breaking rules Come and join the feast of Fools! Once a year we throw a party here in town Once a year we turn all Paris upside down Every man's a king and every king's a clown Once again it's topsy turvy day It's the day the devil in us gets released It's the day we mock the prig and shock the priest Everything is topsy turvy at the feast of fools Topsy turvy Everything is upsy daysy Topsy turvy Everyone is acting crazy Dross is gold and and weeds are a bouquet That's the way on topsy turvy day Topsy turvy Beat the drums and blow the trumpets Topsy turvy Join the bums and thieves and strumpets Streaming in from Chartres to Calais Scurvy knaves are extra scurvy On the sixth of January All because it's topsy turvy day Come one, come all Hurry, hurry here's your chance See the mystery and romance Come one, come all See the finest girl in France Make an entrance to entrance Dance, la Esmeralda Dance! Here it is, the moment you've been waiting for Here it is, you know exactly what's in store Now's the time we laugh until our sides get sore Now's the time we crown the King of Fools You all remember last year's king? So make a face that's horrible and frightening Make a face as gruesome as a gargoyle's wing For the face that's ugliest will be the King of Fools Why? Topsy turvy! Ugly folks, forget your shyness Topsy turvy! You could soon be called Your Highness Put your foulest features on display Be the king of topsy turvy day Everybody! Once a year we throw a party here in town Hail to the king Once a year we turn all Paris upside down Oh, what a king! Once a year the ugliest will wear a crown Girls, give a kiss! Once a year on topsy turvy day We've never had a king like this And it's the day we do the things that we deplore On the other three hundred and sixty-four Once a year we love to drop in Where the beer is never stoppin' For the chance to pop some popinjay And pick a king who'll put the top In Topsy Turvy Topsy turvy Mad and crazy, upsy daysy, Topsy Turvy Day!